add extension for vs code (#126)
sergeyklay/awesome-phalcon: README.md

* [phalcon-logentries](https://github.com/phalcon-orphanage/phalcon-logentries) - Sends log messages to the [Logentries](https://logentries.com/) log management service

>  # IDE

Reviewer: Could you please correct header level (H2 instead of H1)

>  * extensions vs code for Volt Phalcon Language*

Reviewer: Could you please move this to the same line as link:
```
* [link-name](link url) - This description
```

* [phalcon-logentries](https://github.com/phalcon-orphanage/phalcon-logentries) - Sends log messages to the [Logentries](https://logentries.com/) log management service

 ## IDE
 *List of extensions for IDE*
 

>  * [volt-phalcon-language](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=fbclol.volt-phalcon-language) - Extensions `VS code` for Volt Phalcon Language

Reviewer: @fbclol What do you think about something like that:

```suggestion
 * [volt-phalcon-language](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=fbclol.volt-phalcon-language) - An extension for VS Code which provides support for the Phalcon Volt syntax
```
